Cinelerra 1.0 for Linux released


Heroine Virtual Ltd. <A
HREF="http://heroinewarrior.com">heroinewarrior.com</A> is pleased to
announce Cinelerra 1.0 for Linux, one month earlier than planned. 
Releases are normally done in September to coincide with an annual
increase in Linux usage that occurs every September.  Current
stability, desire to move forward with new major features, and level of
interest from users were all deemed appropriate to do a release now
instead of waiting.

Cinelerra 1.0 is a significant advance in general purpose content
creation based on native Linux software not only because of its feature
set but because of the low cost to users.  Users can now expand their
render farms with a minimal bottleneck due to software development
costs.  At the same time, users are not restricted by the usage license
and corporate agenda of their operating system vendor.  Cinelerra gives
users complete ownership of the means to production.

Cinelerra combines most of the basic functions needed to produce motion
pictures with a capable compositing system.  Advanced editing, YUV
compositing, and realtime effects are some of the things Cinelerra
does.  Cinelerra's 16 bit YUV compositing engine has been optimized for
multiple CPU's, reduces generation loss, and significantly reduces
compression time.  Capturing from IEEE1394, Video4Linux, Motion JPEG,
and screenshots is supported.

Heroine Virtual has produced content creation software for power
computing platforms since 1996.  The last six years have seen a steady
increase in size and complexity of our products and we see continued
expansion in this direction while others are shifting to simpler
products.  While not mainstream, big software and power computing are
becoming a cult industry, like monster trucks, pro wrestling and
skyscrapers.  Cult software and a love of heroines is the common bond
at Heroine Virtual.

Cinelerra can be obtained from heroinewarrior.com.
